Whenever I'm feeling stressed or anxious, I turn to your piano compositions. They have a magical ability to calm my mind and bring me back to a place of peace. Thank you for creating such beautiful music.
Greetings from Brazil. I just found this channel a few days ago and I've listened to this and other Library Piano's playlists almost everyday while I study or work. The playlists are spectacular! Great work, thank you! In this playlist, in particular, I love the song starting at 1:22:35, which features a cello "having a conversation" with the piano. I would love to know that song's name and performers/authors. Also, I believe this kind of music makes the world better by making people's lives better. Good life to you all!
이 음악 덕분에 집중력이 확 올라가네요. 도서관 분위기와 너무 잘 어울립니다. 잘 듣고 갑니다.Thanks to this music, my concentration has greatly improved. It fits so well with the library ambiance. Enjoyed listening to it
This is so beautiful and no annoying ads! Thank you so so much for putting this into the world. It has helped me finish my final asignment for my course! Love to all reading this, you can do the thing <3
So Peaceful hearing to this!
Absolutely mesmerizing music, perfect for this time of year and the crazy times we live in. Makes me calm and able to get into my own bubble in a healty and soothing way. Wishing the person who reads this Joy Health and Love  And to the creator of this fabulous piece: an endless and ongoing Thank You <3
To anybody who's reading this, I pray that whatever is hurting you or whatever you are constantly stressing about gets better. May the dark thoughts, the overthinking, and the doubt exit your mind. May clarity replace confusion. May peace and calmness fill your life. 
Everytime i have a bad day i listen to this playlist and read the comments. It is so amazing how I see strangers trying to heal others through the comments section. You guys literally made my day.I hope everyone is having an amazing day Remember guys, there is nothing that you can do to change your past, all we can do is to forgive ourselves and be better. Keep smiling:) This is just a dark night which going to off and the sunrise brings energy or happiness
I like the music being played here, it gives me peace and calmness, a little space in my mind. And, I read the comments that have been written down here, most of them if not all of them made me smile and gave me warmth. Thank you very much to all of you and I wish you all the best wherever you are and whatever you are doing. Kindness is contagious.
Great video - for some focused time! For everyone studying / working with this music - here's a checklist of things to stay on top of the game:1- A comfortable workspace, whether it's a desk or a table with a good chair 2- A reliable laptop/computer with the necessary software and applications 3- Headphones/earbuds to help you focus and block out noise 4- A notepad and pen to take notes or jot down ideas 5- A water bottle to stay hydrated and focused. Tea also works!6- Study books or reference materials relevant to your field of study or work 7- A planner or organizer to help you keep track of your schedule and deadlines 8- Snacks to keep you fueled and focused throughout the day And most importantly, don't forget to take breaks and prioritize your physical and mental health while studying or working 
From the beginning I was immersed in this kind of relaxing music and now everything is as beautiful as ever. This music brings me to the present moment, like a dream, a long way past.
beautiful music and video.  It's incredible how music has the power to touch our souls and evoke such deep emotions. The delicate sound of a piano can make us feel at peace and bring a sense of tranquility to our minds.
Simply wonderful! Thanks a lot for sharing this amazing piano playlist! Lots of love from Canada 
I really miss those days when I played the piano in the library located in Gulhane park.It's incredibly nice when readers read accompanied by your melodies sounding in your performance on the piano.
Me encanta esta hermosa vista y los sonidos relajantes. ¡Gracias y les deseo a todos los que escuchen estos sonidos un gran momento de relajación!
So  relaxing..Thank you for making this wonderful music and the sceneries are stunningly beautiful!!
This makes me feel like I'm in a coffee shop while studying. So relaxing as well.
This pumps me up every time I do my work! Always committed to extend the extra mile. Unbelievable how a music can inspire someone to give his best shot at life! Thank you! This is simply amazing.. 
Perfect music to listen to in a library. Thank you for this!
What a tender heart one must have to write such music! She plays on the highest strings of the soul, cleanses and delights! Brilliant! Bravo to the Creator and great master! 
Tenham todos um excelente dia, lembrem-se que a noite é mais escura antes do amanhecer!!!!!! Boas energias a todos!
I love this music. It is so calming and it helps me think at work. Does anyone else's video move in circles? That is distracting but I don't watch it, I just listen. Love it!
So relaxing! I absolutely LOVE it!  Thank you SO much for posting it!goodvibesyt
Amazing video. The music is very effective for relaxation. I really enjoyed it. Thanks
Everytime I pray and have some rest  I play thisi music it really helps me in concentrating on my prayers and my sleep is even better, longer no more sleeping pills. Thank you Lord.
it 's really relaxing , i always prefer it when i want to prepare my homeworks ,thank you very much, keep us positive
Perfect for instrumental music to relax. I love it   
This is so calming. To whoever is reading this comment, I wish you great health, love and happiness!
사무실에서 이어폰낄수도 없고 음악은 듣고싶은데, 조용히 들으면서 일하기 너무 좋네요~ 갑자기 시끄럽게 광고도 안나오고, 주변에 좀 들려도 되는 소리라서 너무 좋아요^^
I've been having a hard day today and this made it a lot better. You always post at the perfect time, ty
This music is really good for study, I won't get tired with the music.
Awesomely calm for preparation before my meetings...thank you.
the most beautiful and calmness music. had been playing on and on nonstop, though music are repeated. Simply LOVE it.
Una vez más, muchas gracias por apoyarme y animarme en este viaje. Sin vosotros, mis pequeños éxitos no habrían sido reales. ¡Quédate aquí conmigo y compartiremos grandes momentos juntos!
I love your music . . . It's so relaxing . . . Thank you!
Thank you so much for this. I have trouble falling asleep but now that I know about this type of music it really helps thank you
好聽，對準備考試很有幫助！
This is where I find peace and tranquility. Thank you for creating such an amazing music space!"
When you are hurt, and lost in this crazy depressing world, I turn back to a place where comfort embraces my soul. Thanks for this
Hello from Malaysia. Thank you so much for this piano music. I can focus doing my article dan reading. It so relax and enjoying. 
Thank you. Very helpful to focus while studying.
心が和みます。thank you for nice  music 
thank u so much for your music. I really feel calm and less stressed in a noisy and distracting world . Keep Going
Wishing everyone a happy weekend! May your days be filled with laughter, relaxation, and joy. Take the time to recharge and enjoy the company of your loved ones.
So relaxing to listen to and let all my stress go...
"I hope you're all having a fantastic day!  Thank you for sharing the excellent music . I wish you all the best , and let's remember that life is full of beautiful things to look forward to ."
Just became a Dad yesterday. Listening to this with my son on my chest is everything. 
Thanks to you, it will be a sweet night heh I like calming and beautiful music 
So relaxing as well
是真的很舒服的音樂～
Nice music thank you very much, I'm glad there are people who want to do something nice for others, have a good time.
The music really touched me. Thanks!
I put this on at work , makes me relaxed and more focused thanks
Always awesome music!
This music helps me to focus during my long writing sessions in the library.. It is very peaceful.. it brings my mind to the groundstate.এই সঙ্গীত আমাকে লাইব্রেরিতে আমার দীর্ঘ লেখার সেশনের সময় ফোকাস করতে সাহায্য করে.. এটা খুবই শান্তিপূর্ণ.. এটা আমার মনকে গ্রাউন্ডস্টেটে নিয়ে আসে।
집중 안 될 때 에어팟 양쪽 끼고 들으면서 공부하면 ㄹㅇ 집중 잘 돼요 
I like music, it helps me a lot to concentrate on reading
So sweet. Thanks for sharing the beautiful music.
Que relajante y apacible. Gracias!
Eu amo 
started crying 29:12 while doing finance because i love this song so much and did not expect it to be played in a piano version
Merci :)   Un véritable régal.....
I was able to focus on studying Japanese today because of this. Thank you so much 
도서관에서 책 읽으면서 듣고있어요! 편안하고 따뜻한 느낌이 들어서 좋아요
Musica hermosa. Pero mucho mas hermoso es estar en la biblioteca sin escuchar musica, solo concentrado en la lectura. El cerebro lo agradece. Y si escuchas SIEMPRE CON AURICULAR QUE NO SALGA SONIDO HACIA EL EXTERIOR.
Nice piano music !!!
the song is so beautiful. could you share the name please? I want to see if i can play it. Thanks!
Listening to this just after being accepted to the college of my dream is the best feeling I ever had
nice. thank you for giving a peaceful afternoon.
The music is awesome. Thank you so much.
- Dude, a lot of those pieces are so strong, how am I supposed to study if I'm crying?
- I have a really strong connection with music I listen to, it's just like it stymulate my mind, so this video happend to be a rescue for me. I am absolutely thankful to whoever makes this channel, cause it is my safe place in bad moments. Thank you.
If you are reading this, I want to tell you that everything will be fine. You are incredible, you are unique, you can face anything in your life, you have the strength within yourself to overcome any obstacle, loss or situation. You are not alone, you are loved, you have the right to feel bad and good, you have the right to feel. Be blessed by these positive vibes and live your life to the fullest. I'm sending my love to the universe so that I can reach you 
this music makes me feel sleepy when I'm studying lol, but I like it hehe
I feel so relax
피아노 소리가 선명해서 듣기 좋아요! 잘 감상하고 갑니다 행복한 하루 되세요!!
If you are reading this, I want to tell you that everything will be fine. You are incredible, you are unique, you can face anything in your life, you have the strength within yourself to overcome any obstacle, loss or situation. You are not alone, you are loved, you have the right to feel bad and good, you have the right to feel. Be blessed by these positive vibes and live your life to the fullest
Thank you for sharing this video. Because of that, I got A+
i love this channel, especially the part of this music
you know what the best feelings when u have an exam? u know that exams gonna be over and u gonna have a strange sense of relaxation and relief that u have given ur best shot. just hang in there, exam is not forever
Amazing music Thanks
지친 마음을 포근한 이불과 따스한 손으로 어루만져주는 음악같아요. 은은한 빛이 감도는 편안한 밤 보낼 수 있을 것 같아요.
I don't know what is better. The music or the motivational and reflexive comments. Anyway, good vibes to all.
Very good 
The sound of the piano soothes my mind
每次讀書聽這個就會很快專注，謝謝你～
As a library management technologist, I can approve this playlist (?) :V
thank you for giving a peaceful morning.
Hi anyone know the song starting at 9:19? I love that song but I can't searching the right name. Thank you!
A quote for me, for you: "Don't cry because the past is over, don't stress about the future it hasn't come yet, live in the present and make it beautiful".
이 음악을 틀자마자 “나도 꿈이 있었는데....” 라는 마음의 소리가 제게 말을 거네요.. 이제는 꿈을 꾸러 갑니다.. 모두들 현실의 고통에서 벗어나 단잠에서 행복한 꿈을 이루시고 누리시기를 간절히 축복하며 기도합니다
Wonderful  I like music at 21:05, what's name?
Great for to study while listening
May your day be as lovely as you are
Es ist so entspannend, auch die Vorstellung, dass ich in einer Bibliothek sitze, mit einem Buch in der Hand und die Ruhe genieße.
Spring brings with it beliefs about a new life, a new beginning. Even if there were failures, worries, and sorrows in the past year, let's leave everyone behind. Now let's relax to feel the essence of Spring
adorável
음악 듣기에 넘 편안해요직장에서 듣기에 정말 좋네요
what's the piano piece called starting from here 40:12  and 46:59 ?
本当に素晴らしいです信じられないほど美しい音楽と、美しくて癒される優しい絵。 それらを見ていると目がうっとりします音楽はリラックスして調子を整えるのに役立ちます、音楽の下で勉強するのは素晴らしいことです。 それは魔法です。 最も素晴らしい選択と感想をくれたチャンネルの作者に感謝します
Is there anyway you could make a few with a black screen ?? I listen to music while i sleep helps drown out city noises ...Thank You  
Goood
THANK YOU YOUR BEAUTIFUL PIANO!
10:26 - 11:01  best part >
well, I have lots of assignments recently, I feel stressed a lot,  I am not sure whether I could complete by the deadline. Anyway, thanks to this video, the music could accompany me！
なんてきれいな音楽でしょう！！ありがとう。出会えて良かったです。
It's relaxing; thnks..
공부 하기 좋은 음악이네요.~ ^^ 3종세트 놓고 갑니다.^^
Hello: Thank you for this feature it will allow me to search for Jazz information, that I am interested in.
음악은 저에게 영감을 줍니다. 감사합니다.️
mooi muziek 
Does anyone know the song that plays at 29:12? I cannot find it anywhere and it is so beautiful...it's short and ends at 29:58. Please help. Thank you!!!
Hello guys! Welcome to my channel, where u can find beautiful and peaceful music as well. Lets sharing beautiful and peaceful music to help others relax. Music can be a powerful tool for stress relief and relaxation, and it's wonderful that you're creating a space for people to find peace and tranquility. Wishing you all the best!
Can anybody please tell me what song is at 1:03:11?
Thanks for helping doing my aim traning routine.
This would be perfection if it just had books flipping sounds added
Nice!!!
让我想起在图书馆寻找书本解决电子工程的问题，那间图书馆还挺大的古老的建筑风格让我很喜欢在那里呆着，课余时间很喜欢去哪里瞎逛，什么书都看看，什么知识都吸收一点，由于是座大学图书馆所以里头的书可以说是琳琅满目，你想到的基本都能找到基本详细介绍的书本，直到现在我也喜欢去类似的咖啡厅，点了一杯咖啡跟一个面包或是饼干，就在那里做一整天，尤其在下雨天，手里捧着热腾腾的咖啡看着窗外的雨滴们从空中降落的 感觉特别舒服，或许有些心理学者说下雨天会给一种无助感但是对于我来说，下雨天是很舒服的天气，周围都因着雨滴的熏陶下变得温柔，有时感慨为何自己会处在急躁不安的状态里，或许是因为生活，或许是为了梦想所以不得让自己处在那种环境里磨炼，但是如果呆久了，疲惫它就会跑到我的心里来，所以很常我会选择在一间比较没有人或是根本无人的咖啡厅静静享受着，其实咖啡对我来说只是点缀，因为我真正享受的是宁静。有时生活太吵了，有时更是各种争风吃醋，尔你我诈，虽然看见可是却无法做些什么的时候真的让我非常无奈，人与人之间合适变得如此不堪？人与人之间那种单纯的信任合适变得如此脆弱？看着窗外的雨滴有时我也在想，我为了什么会出现在这里？如果被人搬弄是非被人无辜背后中伤就位他们的利益，我继续呆着又何必？一直以来自己就是跟最初来的时候的目标意愿是没有变过的，但是随着时间慢慢过去，我发现了周围的人越来越不一样，跟最初所认识的完全不一样，或许为了生活选择了自私，这是我可以了解的因为毕竟在这个物质主义的时代里，人们都为自己的利益而变得自私起来甚至会攻击其他人来保全自己的利益，但是所谓的利益对于我来说其实也没有什么，我这个人只会看我所拥有的而不会去抢夺不属于我的，因为不属于我的就代表它属于其他人的，那我为何要花心思去把它搞到手？其实这会让人变得累甚至变得残忍起来，其实对于我而言人与人之间不需要存在利益关系，单纯一点这世界或许就变得美好起来不是吗？尤其在同一艘船上的，大家互相扶持是否会让船行驶的更远呢？我们在这个世界都是路人都是过客，那其实何必为了根本只是暂时的东西撕破脸拼的你死我活？任何事情都存在着共赢的局面只是如今混乱教导的价值观扭曲了原本的美好。但是我目前的队伍真的嗨.....为了自身利益做了许多不该做的事，我越来越感觉不舒服，也不明白何必为了满足物质欲望而去做些违背队友甚至公司的事情？值得吗？值得这样去做吗？我不知道，但是直到现在我还是当初来的最初的我，或许是因为我这种傻憨默默忍受其他人的攻击还有各种污蔑吧，但是很常为了让自己能够保持平静，我不想因为这些没有任何意义的事情干扰到我的每一刻，人生嘛，说长你能确定有多长，说短你也不懂能有多短，人生这东西根本就没有绝对，我们都在一搜船上在名为人生的大海里航行，有些人或许一开局就有了指南针所以方向就马上决定了，但更多的是那些没有指南针的人，他们该何去何从呢？人生还不是打拼吗？找对航道毫不犹豫义无反顾的行驶下去吗？这路上跌跌撞撞一定免不了，可是这才会让自己成长啊，吸取经验然后变得更强，这就是人生嘛...生活把你击倒在地，你可以选择爬起来再试，也可以躺在地板哭，这全在于你的选择，也只有你能做出的抉择........所以一起加油，这世界真的不能一帆风顺，更多的是大风大浪，吹倒了就再来过就是了，大家都只有一回不是吗？不管如何都会到达终点.....对于我来说~~我希望到达终点的时候能跟我哪位很小就跟我航行的老豆，骄傲的述说着这一路来的点点滴滴还有我如何度过一个又一个的大浪，父子两真的好久好久好久好久没有见面了。
这是最好的学习背景音乐。
You’re my savior, this is what I listen to before I sleep
Best books are those that don´t show our face but our soul
love it
악보를 어디에서 구할수있나요 ?
이 말을 듣고 있는 우리 모두가 어느 정도 가족인 것 같은 느낌이 듭니다.
Когда размазала вульгарного сноба
Relaxant
너무 노래가 감동적이라 공부에 집중이 안돼요...ㅠ
it so good PERFEFT
어쩔티비! 이것은 매우 완벽합니다! 그러한 그것은 나의 웃음!
The Holy Bible says that you are a sinner, and without Jesus Christ, you will die in your sins and spend eternity burning in Hell. There is no sin that can enter Heaven. You must have your sins washed in the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ; he shed his blood for you on the cross of Calvary. Jesus Christ is the only way to Heaven - you must turn to him, trust him, believe on him and him alone for the salvation of your soul."For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God; Being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus: Whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his blood, to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are past, through the forbearance of God; To declare, I say, at this time his righteousness: that he might be just, and the justifier of him which believeth in Jesus. Where is boasting then? It is excluded. By what law? of works? Nay: but by the law of faith. Therefore we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the deeds of the law." - Romans 3:23-28 KJV
あなたのビデオは私を内なる静けさと穏やかな場所に連れて行ってくれます。 心と魂にとってはちょっとした休暇のようだ 
29:30 혹시 여기 나오는 노래 알 수 있을까요?
缓解身心疲惫
Non vorrei essere pedante, ma c'è un errore nel titolo: library non si traduce con libreria.Library = BibliotecaLibreria = Bookshop
tuned in here
THX!
Nhac rat hay toi rat thich cam on nhieu
good
Nice
4:27:04
Is the background the Geology Library of the Ohio State Univ?
Good
The advertisements interrupted listening all the time.
TOP 30 ROMANTIC GUITAR MUSIC  Best Love Songs of All Time and Quiet Room With The Sound of Rainhttps://youtu.be/v6AP5GBhoAs
37:4838:04September 8,2023
hope i will get my scholar ship
Who on earth plays the piano in a library?
38:18
6ads in 11mins
1:03:00
동남아 파이팅!
good mucic
ㅠㅠ
留言給臭江駭客：你手機定位我手機幹嘛？怕被報應還是你要知道我去哪裡偷吃？你幻想我最愛偷吃，每天每秒只想偷吃啊。你是建霍。
Advertisement is so annoying
hola
광고가 너무 많다. 공부를 위한게 맞음??
Anaaaaaaaa
mas não é fácil de fazer isso com o celular ué não é fácil de fazer isso não vou fazer nada a
광고너무많음
haha
To anybody who's reading this, I pray that whatever is hurting you or whatever you are constantly stressing about gets better. May the dark thoughts, the overthinking, and the doubt exit your mind. May clarity replace confusion. May peace and calmness fill your life. 
4:47:07
