Большое спасибо! Прекрасная музыка! Всем мира и добра!
Thank you for sharing your opinion about Christmas music! Christmas music is really an indispensable part of the atmosphere to welcome this holiday. The melodies, lyrics and emotions in Christmas music often bring us a warm, romantic and happy space.
супер рождественский релакс душу успокаивает и в тоже время радует что вот вот скоро новый год 
Wunderschöne Musik - zum relaxen, entspannen und genießen !  Beautiful music - to relax, unwind and enjoy! 
Danke - ich bin sehr gerührt - alles so friedvoll und besinnlich. Ich wünsche allen Frieden und Liebe!
I'm always moved by wonderful Christmas songs.
This music is so soothing!Thank you for all the amazing music that you guys make with careI appreciate it so much
Beautiful and calming as we celebrate the birth of our Savior 
Восхитительноволшебно
Thank you for the soothing and beautiful melodies. Christmas is all about the birth of Jesus Christ. It is the season of love, peace and joy. Glory to God in the highest!
These are wonderful music to celebrate Christmas.   A merry Christmas to you!
Love this music thank you  everyone have a blessed Christmas
These delightful tunes are as PEACEFUL as their words! PEACE on EARTH! 🫶
Beautifully done!  I love it. :) <3
Beautiful music and images! Thank you for making the season special!
I hope everyone reading this comment is doing well during these strange times. I wish you all the best, good luck and stay healthy!  ps. I love that kind of sound. It's been helping me fall asleep for years and helps to relieve stress. Thank you very much!
Christmas is about bonds between people and world peace.
クリスマスはいつも1人亡くなった家族を思いながら　特に何を特別に食べるわけでもなく　クリスマスイルミネーションも近くになくてもこうしてYouTube様のおかげでクリスマスの音楽とイルミネーションでクリスマス気分が味わえます　どうか世界が平和でありますよう　戦争ない世界でありますように　生きている事に幸せを感じる世でありますようにと祈っております
There's something enchanting about the way your channel curates such a diverse range of relaxing sounds. It's not just background music; it's an invitation to a serene journey. Absolutely love it!
Vídeo muito gostoso de assistir !!!  Navegando no YouTube  apareceu esse vídeo pra mim e eu amei .. e também já me inscrevi no canal.   Abraços aqui de SÃO PAULO  -  BRAZIL  🇧🇷
True relaxation! When I hear it my mind enters in a peace state. Also the view is very beautiful and peaceful  I subscribed for more
May this Christmas provide you with moments that remind you of the goodness in life, and may your day be an orchestra of joy and appreciation. Enjoy every note!
Thank you for this. Beautiful music and visuals. Totally adding to the Christmas feeling here at home. Best wishes for all this year!
«Музыка и изображения в этом видео — действительно идеальное сочетание. Я не могу передать словами, что я чувствую, когда слушаю эту музыку. Спасибо за создание такого прекрасного произведения искусства!»
To anybody reading this, I pray that whatever is hurting you or whatever you are constantly stressing about gets better. May the dark thoughts, the overthinking, and the doubt exit your mind may clarity replace confusion. And may peace and calmness fill your life.
Thank you for the peaceful Christmas music
This is so nice. There's just something special about Christmas carols. I love them any time of the year 
This music is helping me to de-stress and relax, thank you.
Thank you for such a wonderful Christmas mood! Just saw my home town Kyiv, Ukraine on your video 09:25. There was a gorgeous Christmas Decoration in the city center at Sofyia Square. Hope a happy time will come back to my country which is bleeding now. Merry Christmas to everyone!
Just beautiful - exactly the type of music I've been looking for.  Merry Christmas to everyone, and peace on earth. 
May this Christmas bring a shower of blessings, and may your heart overflow with gratitude. Enjoy every precious moment of this day!
Thank you so, so very much for putting together this beautiful, amazing video!  It brightened my day a lot.  .  I felt a bit of heaven on earth watching it...thanks God.
This brings back all the magical feelings I've been fortunate enough to have many years of my life.  Alone last year and will be again this year but I won't let go of the feeling of so many wonderful years I got with family.  This is lovely ...thank you for making this.
Чудесные мелодии! Спасибо!
To anybody who's reading this, I pray that whatever is hurting you or whatever you are constantly stressing about gets better. May the dark thoughts, the overthinking, and the doubt exit your mind. May clarity replace confusion. May peace and calmness fill your life. 
The perfect companion for a cozy evening: traditional Christmas instrumentals and a crackling fireplace. 
I really love this music, it's very relaxing
Christmas, a time of warmth and love. Wishing everyone a festive season filled with joy and happiness!
I love Christ Jesus and this music tends to make me pause and reflect on God's great gift to us all.  MERRY CHRISTMAS!
Me traz melancolia.  Mas é tão lindo essa época
My friend, It's always great.   I wish you every day of your development. Have a happy day!
I pray in the midst of these extremely unsettling days that everyone who is listening will experience the joy and peace that the holiday season brings. Happy Thanksgiving and Merry Christmas.
너무 아름다운 Christmas Music . Thank you very much!
Christmas is a wonderful time to connect and share love!  Congratulations to everyone for a holiday full of joy, warmth, and happiness with family and friends. Let's create unforgettable memories together! 
This is a true delightful  treat; not just this time  of the year; but throughout. Be  Blessed and stay safe. 
You guys are just amazing, thank you for the beautiful comments! And I will continue on saying the same thing, have a beautiful day whoever reads this. You are never alone, always remember this world needs you and your beautiful light. Keep on shining honey
Beautiful music Christmas vibes are there!! love you Jesus god bless you all and merryChristmas to all in advance 
Piękna  muzyka Siwionteczna
Transforming my space into a cozy winter wonderland with these soothing Christmas tunes.  Who else is in the festive mood? 
¡Hermosas canciones e imágenes! Gracias
In the cold weather, Christmas is the time when love is the warmest. Wishing everyone a happy and meaningful holiday
its really  sounds nice to hear to me thats what xmas is all about hearing  this music  it feels  like xmas  thankyou so much
I like your video, it's so calming and soothing for the weekend
I love this Christmas music.  It is so calming and celebratory.  The images of Santa in a mask bring back sad memories to my grandchildren.  To all of us actually.  I wish I could darken my screen when that image appears.
I have many good memories about christmas with my family especially my mother. I always love to hear christmas music anytime of the year. God is good all the time.
Nice and relaxing music...cheers
this is so amazing, i feel so christmasy while baking pies 
magnifique video et la douceur de la musique, que du bonheur !
If you are reading this, your light is much needed in this world and I hope you know you are special and capable of amazing things. Wish you lots of love, health and success
beautiful music and so relax
Don’t worry, this pain you’re feeling is temporary. Close your eyes and remember that tomorrow is a new day, a fresh start. Take deep breaths, you’re gonna be alright, I promise 
Lasky plne sviatky vsetkym ludom na celom svete. Super schön  besser geht nicht / klasse wunderschön.
Inspiring music set to some of the best visuals I have seen on a YouTube music montage. Thank you. Merry Christmas to you and Shalom on Earth as it is in the Heavens where the Christ-child reigns.
I pray in the midst of these extremely uncertain days that everyone who is listening will feel joy and peace this Christmas season, and I am excited to welcome Christmas 2024
Beautiful! 
Very peaceful! I subscribed 
May the enchanting melodies of Christmas carols fill your home with happiness, and the twinkling lights illuminate the path to wonderful memories. May the spirit of generosity and kindness be your guiding star, making this holiday season truly special. Sending you love, laughter, and the merriest of Christmas cheer. Merry Christmas to you and yours!" 
Боже! Какое прекрасное  произведение.  Словно в сказке и в своём детстве. Котик чудо! Спасибо за это маленькое чудо!
So nice to see Ukraine in many shots, so beautiful, and in general everything is beautiful in the video
Thank you for the wonderful Christmas music. It made me nostalgia..there is a place where I want to travel in my mind.
To each of you, I pray for Christmas to illuminate your path and bring delight. Enjoy your day!
Isn't it a wonderful piece of work?It seems to take time to make, too?Please continue to produce good works.
We may all speak different languages, but music is the language that we can all understand 
Thank you God for another day. Every moment, Every breath, Every beat of my heart. I so love life. Bless Momma. Bless Poppa. Bless all the children of the world. Please help me stay focused and driven. Amen 
Hermosa música  para esta temporada
Wishing everyone that watches this video has a comfortable sleep and all their anxieties are washed away
Hermosa Música Navideña, Feliz Navidad desde Costa Rica
 beautiful!!
So beautiful Christmas music and video. I hope everyone has a peaceful winter this year.
at a time like this ! what were all going through i need this everyday  its beautiful and peaceful  helps calm my nerves  thank you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Natal, tudo muito lindo, perfeito.Com muita paz e amor no coração. Gratidão a Deus por mandar seu Filho Jesus Cristo, para nós salvar. Muita festa para comemorar o Nascimento do nosso Nossa Salvador.
Peace to all of you and Merry Christmas..
Uplifting  relaxing joyful peaceful!God is so good...
Listening the song make me remember when i was child..so much memories...Christmast Will come, hope you all in joy
In every moment this Holiday brings us, remember the true meaning.  With our world in chaos, I pray it brings peace, love, happiness and love for our creator, God.  Happy Thanksgiving and a very Merry Christmas.  With love, from my family to yours, wherever you may be.
This video was perfect. So lovely. Thank you
Que lindo
The beautiful music  
Extraordinaria música. Preparándonos para la época más dichosa y reflexiva del año. Bendiciones mil para cada uno...
I hope this year will be a Christmas full of blessings
Hermoso
very relaxing and make me very efficient at work. like it very much, thank you
True blessings to everybody for this christmas!!
아~크리스마스 무드..좋앙
Heavenly peaceful 
Blessings -May your life be filled with blessings in this Christmas season
Beautiful video….Blessings to all of you…
Wunderschönes Video, sehr stimmungsvolle Musik! Danke!Allen ein Frohes Weihnachtsfest!
Santa with a mask? LOL  that is crazy. I would not believe that they did that. Love the music though and the scenery! Very relaxing
Очень красивая музыка ️️️ думаем о хорошем, дыхание спокойное, сердечный ритм приходит в норму 
Love  Christmas songs.
Sčastlivogo Roždestva  I Novogo  Goda.2024!
God Bless us Everyone 
Hermoso..!!!!!
beautiful music special for a great day like today
love the music
The time of year that I like the most is Christmas when God sends his son to give light to the world.
Yes soothing music.  Thanks you
Christmas is wonderful
Give you all the most joyful things which make you smile every day. Give you all the sweetest kisses which make you bright like a star. Merry Christmas my little love! 
Супер слухаю и чудовий настрій
Bellissimo trasmette pace
nice
Super schön  besser geht nicht / klasse wunderschön
Lasky plne sviatky vsetkym ludom na celom svete
no esperemos ver a Dios lo esencial es sentirlo en nuestro corazón.la nochebuena es el momento mas emotivo en nuestra vida, no lo desperdiciemos con comilonas,  música loca y regalos ostentosos. .
Beautiful !
Blessed Christmas everyone.
The best time of year!!! I start counting days!!! 
Blessings to All from King Jesus, absolute beautiful pictures with the carols!!
️
첫장면에 나온곳 진짜 집인가요 ㅠㅜ? 어떻게 저리 아름다울수가... ㅠㅜ
Շնորհակալ եմ,Տե՛ր իմ սիրելի, որ աշխարհ եկար մեր փրկության համար :Այս Տոնը ողջ մարդկության մեծագույն  Տոնն  է : Տե՛ր ,մաքրիր աղերսում եմ Քո սուրբ արյամբ մեր սրտերը ու ծնվիր մեր սրտերում ,որ թագավորես մեր բոլորի կյանքում՝ այն դարձնելով Հավիտենական Տոն :
thank you for your music.!!
Muy bellas melodías,dulces recuerdos ...
Same to you all merry wishes and  
Beautiful music 
Thank you for wishing us my dearest friend I hooe that you will be have very wonderful day on Beautiful Christmas and enjoy that day Merry Christmas 
クリスマスの雰囲気は、特別幸せな雰囲気になりますね
SUBLIME MOMENT MUSICAL POUR ME DETENDRE
️世界中が、大人も子供も動物も、全てが幸せに包まれますように。。神様お願いします。
Вселенная подарила мне и моему брату роскошную жизнь и подарки на каждый новый год,дни рождения,8 марта,23 февраля,татарские важные даты.Осыпает нам дорогу лепестками роз и бриллиантами,золотом,у нас каждый день волшебный и радостный,аминь️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️
Wunder schöne melody
Oh this is beautiful,  music and a beautiful video,  Thanks for let me see an hear this video. From Arecibo, Puerto Rico.
이제 조금만 있으면 크리스마스네요모두 행복하기를 :)
Καθε. Χρόνο στολίζοντας το δέντρο συγκινουμαι και κλαίω .η ωραιότερη γιορτή του χρόνου.και κάπου ψηλά στον ουρανό ο αη Βασίλης στο
Whoever reading this, God knows what you are facing through, He heard your cry, He is going to deliver you. Just trust in him. Amen 
good!
Καλά Χριστούγεννα Πανέμορφο Βίντεο Η Ευλογία του Θεού για όλο τον Κόσμο με Αγάπη και Υγεία.
SUPER muziki 
La Navidad es la fecha que todo el mundo sabe que JESÚS vino a la tierra para darnos salvación y vida eterna,a El sea la Gloria siempre, JESÚS es Navidad 
So lovely
I miss my old ages. But I am grateful for God that I have present. Lord Jesus I love thee:)
Смотришь и не веришь своим глазам, что такое, где-то может быть.... Наверное так живет "золотой миллиард"....
Ουρανό να περνάει με το έλκηθρο φωνάζοντας χο χο χο... κλαίω...
Best of video.....enjoy the moments 
i love ch ri ch mi s song s
Embark on a transformative journey with my meditation tunes!  Let the waves of love guide you to new heights, providing not just relaxation but also the motivation to conquer any challenge.  Your heart and spirit will soar with each note.  #LoveAndMotivation
Хорошо что нет политики в чате,всем хорошего настроения из России
Merry crismas
hóng noel ghê
Aaaaaa, bentar lagi Natall
Чудова музика. Збережу собі у плейліст. Планував кілька платівок встигнути купити на Віоліті до Різдва, але якщо і не вийде купити, буде що слухати.
Beautiful songs
God bless us
May the great IXOYE touch you with peace, love, joy, and grace. The days we are living in are uncertain. Come to him and he will give you great peace.
 Happy Christmas 
Nghe những nốt nhạc êm dịu ,du dương ,hoan hỉ mừng Chúa giáng sinh lại về.️
一年只哭过一次，可爱的美利坚，，，，太爱了，，，，，，
If you are reading this, I wish you a wonderful day, full of little moments of joy :) Let's enjoy these soothing sounds together
AMEN...SING TO JESUS...PRAISE HIS HOLY NAME...HONOR AND ADORE HIM...BE GREATFUL KIND MERCIFUL HONEST TRUTHFUL BELIEVE....TRUST IN JESUS..HE KEEPS HIS PROMISES....
32:15 - It's so amazing that Lviv, Ukraine is in this video
This is So very beautiful!! The music and the scenes are perfect!! Actually one of the best! ️️️️️️️️
This is lovely. Very relaxing. Thankful for God's beautiful Gift of love to us, His Son Jesus Christ! Merry Christmas! ️️️️
Merry Christmas
Дякую за відео з мирного Києва - Софіївська площа, ковзанка біля цукеркової фабрики Рошен! 
The song is good
All I ask for is world peace, no more hate, we enter this world with nothing, we leave it with nothing, all you can ask for is to be remembered as a lovely person.
The Best I've ever seen!
Amen 
merry christmas 
Selamat Hari Natal semua 
this is for a babys mobile above the crib, its sleep music.
 Thanks giving .
Cheers to a better tomorrow
I Love 
Hey you. Yes you. random person that I will never meet. I truly hope that you will find happiness in life. Today is going to be a great day
Love
Amén
This is a lovely Christmas music video, and I really wish I could enjoy it, but with it being interrupted by commercials every three minutes, I just can't do it and will have to look elsewhere. Sorry, Soothing Christmas Music.
아기 예수가 태어난 날을 기념한 것이 바로 크리스마스~~ 산타가 온 날이 아님
so beautiful
1:43:33現正播放Merry Christmas
1:36:10 Це Харків! Хто ще впізнав своє місто?1:36:10 this is Kharkiv, Ukraine. Who is recognized his native city yet?
Thank you.
cool
GOD BLESS YOU
Wonderful Music...the commercials suck, though
Does anyone know where any of the locations are in the video?
Best music Jeisus love!
I love the music  but it's not Christmas  2024 yet it's Christmas  2023
Happy Mery Cristma i love Divine son jesus
<3
Syallom,Astanaanyar,Taman Tegallega Ibukota Bandung RIAS Wellcome, 38 Ibukota Provinsi Republik Indonesia Wellcome RIAS.Dunia Wahyu Indonesia Emas,Hari Tuhan 78.///Government World News New York City RIAS Wellcome.Congratulation Christmas 2023.I Love You Mam///.
Bellissimo! Viva il Santo Natale. 
I hope everyone reading this comment is doing well during these strange times. I wish you all the best, good luck and stay healthy!  ps. I love that kind of sound. It's been helping me fall asleep for years and helps to relieve stress. Thank you very much!
